>> Scott Moss: Okay, let's hop into
the other mutations that we have.
So let's look at my notes, we have,
>> Scott Moss: A few more,
we have Edit Issue and Delete Issue,
so let's do Edit Issue.
Edit issue is quite simple, we're gonna
use this to edit the status of an issue.
So we can create an EditIssueInput
that have all these optional things
because I don't know which
one of these you wanna edit.
You maybe wanna edit the name,
maybe the content, maybe the status, or
a combination of these three.
So those are all optional, but
you definitely have to give me an ID so
I can identify what issue you want
me to edit in the first place.
So give me an ID here.
So that's what we need to do.
And then we need to create a mutation for
edit issue and make it return an issue,
so let's do that.
Let's go to our schema.
>> Scott Moss: We'll
make an input here for
Edit,
>> Scott Moss: IssueInputs,
it's gotta have a name,
that's an optional string,
a content, that's optional string.
A status, that's an optional issue status,
and then an ID that is required.
>> Scott Moss: And
then we just need to make a mutation.
So we're gonna say editIssue,
which is gonna
take an input of
EditIssueInput required and
it's gonna return a non-null issue.
The reason I'm making this a non-null
issue versus the create issue,
which wasn't, it's,
there really is no right or wrong answer.
This is mutating something
that's existing, so
I'm expecting it to return an issue,
otherwise it should break.
Whereas this is trying to create
something that doesn't exist, so
there's a potential that it might break.
So it might just return null
if it couldn't create one.
Whereas, if I tried to edit
the status of an issue and for
some reason it couldn't find it,
then yeah,
I would want this to break,
so that's why I would do it.
There is no right or wrong answer,
I guess it's just a user experience.
But for me, I'm like, if you're trying to
edit something and you gave me an ID and
that's not real,
then I want this to break.
>> Scott Moss: Whereas this,
you could also have the same argument,
you could say, well, if I tried to create
an issue, I should always want it to
create an issue or it should break, it's
totally up to you, whatever the UI is.
>> Scott Moss: Okay, let's make our
resolvers, so, if we go back and
look at our notes,
we only have to make one resolver here.
We have to make the resolver for
the edit issue, which is very simple,
we do our off check,
we flatten out our fields, and
then we issue the database query, so,
let's do that, go to our resolvers.
We're gonna go to
the mutation object here.
We're gonna say editIssue has to be
the same name that we put in the schema,
like that.
There is no parent cuz it's on
the mutation, it's the root, so
there is no parent.
We do have an input argument here.
Always call my arguments inputs so for
me it's always input you can call
whatever you want in your schema.
We do need the context from the user and
like always it's the resolvers
responsibility to an enforced
authentication, so we need to check here.
>> Scott Moss: Later on I can show you how
you can create a higher order function to
do this for you if you wanna know
what I'm talking about I can do that.
If we look at,
>> Scott Moss: If you look at the input,
the input is gonna be all the flat
properties on there plus the ID.
We need to pop the ID off cuz that's
not gonna go into the updates object.
So I'm gonna say const, give me the ID and
then everything else is just
like the update of input.
>> Scott Moss: Kinda also
just went into the schema and
made two different inputs, right?
You could also say, okay, the input is
gonna be like everything you wanna update.
But there's also a second argument called
ID that's ID, you could have did that too.
That's probably more common,
you might see that.
And that way,
I just take the ID off of this,
and now the ID is the second argument.
So there's really no wrong answer.
>> Scott Moss: But because I did it
this way, I'm popping the ID off so
I can just feed this object directly into
my database without putting this there.
>> Scott Moss: There we go.
So got that, and
I know the inputs there because,
it's got an exclamation on it,
so it has to be there.
>> Scott Moss: All right, so we got that.
And then now we wanna say
results = await db.update on
the issues table .set.
We wanna set the update here,
but the thing is,
you might not have passed anything here.
So literally, what you probably wanna do
is do a check on update here to see if
there's some fields but that's just so
much work, I'm not doing it.
So I'll just say, you know what,
something like that, we could do that.
And then we wanna say
where(eq(issue.userId
is equal to ctx.user.Id/.
So only update the issue or I guess,
yeah, we wanna do that.
We wanna do an and here actually.
So we wanna say where and that,
so the issues user ID
belongs to this user and
the issue.Id is the same as id,
so both of those have to be true.
And then we need to do returning,
otherwise it will just tell
me x amount of rows updated.
I wanna actually get
the updated things back,
this is always gonna return an array.
I just wanna get the first thing, so
I'll just say,
>> Scott Moss: Which is the updated issue.
>> Scott Moss: If you're looking like what
the hell is this double question mark,
it's basically the same thing as,
>> Scott Moss: This,
except for this, will fail on falsy
values that are actual values.
This would fail if the left was zero.
But maybe zero is a valid value for
the operation you're doing.
So it'll fail on falsy values,
whereas this would only fail on null and
undefined.
So if this was null or
undefined, then it'll do this.
Whereas but if the left was zero,
that would be considered truthy and
it would just read that.
So I think in most cases
you probably want this.
We got the editIssue,
let's go try to editIssue.
Let's go see, see what the vibe is here.
Let's go up here, let me grab this issue.
Let's get this issue d right here,
let's grab this one.
So I got my issue id, I'm gonna go back,
I'm gonna uncheck that one.
I'll go back here, I'm gonna uncheck that.
Let me clear these inputs down here,
make a mutation, do a editIssue.
I'm gonna edit the status, so then we can
try to do this status filter on our issues
query that, we haven't tested out,
I forgot to do that.
So I'll get the name, the id, and I want
to edit the, I'll pass the id of course.
I want to edit the status,
so let's do that.
Here's the iid and then for
the status, they're all backlogged, so
I'll change one to INPROGRESS.
So let's do that.
What did we get here?
Cannot return null for null-field
Mutation.editIssue, we got an error.
Let's see, might be a Davis error.
I guess the only thing I can think of
is like this id that I copied is not
an issue id.
So let's get another
issue id from here make,
make a new tab and
issue another request, and
do a query for
all the issues for this user.
I'll just grab all the ids and
then the status, and
then I'll grab,
>> Scott Moss: And id,
make sure I get it correct.
There we go, I'll go back to this.
I will go back here,
at this one and let's run that.
There we go, yeah, I guess the id
that I pasted it was just not right.
So that works, I changed it to INPROGRESS.
So now that one's INPROGRESS,
what I wanted to test was this
query where we can do the issues query and
then add the arguments here for statuses.
And for statuses, I'm gonna pass
an array of only INPROGRESS.
For this user, it should just be one,
and it is, it's just one.
If I say give me all the ones
that are backlog, it should be,
I don't know, more than one.
Or I guess I only have two.
Let's see, backlog and
INPROGRESS, let's see.
Yeah, I guess his user only has two, so
there we go, so that filtering works.
Yeah, I guess I just copied a wrong id or
it didn't belong to that user or whatever,
but yeah, code looks right, so that works.
Let's check it out on the app.
>> Scott Moss: We go to here, the app.
The way you want to edit is if you
click on one of these status rings,
you can change it, so
I'm gonna say INPROGRESS.
It changed to yellow if I refresh,
you can tell that it's yellow.
It jumped down because
that's the sequel sorting,
whereas the front end
doesn't do the same sorting.
I talk about it on the client side,
of course.
I can change this to done,
and that works as well.
So it looks like our update,
our edit works just fine,
our create works fine, our git works fine.
So for the most part,
that is the functionality to app.
We still have the delete
functionality that we can add, but
there is no UI for that.
On the client side, of course,
I left it as a extra credit if
you wanted to add a UI to
be able to delete an issue.
On the main branch,
I have the delete mutation implemented, so
you can just write the front end.
Now for the back end,
the extra credit would be for
you to make the delete implementation or
the delete mutation.
So therefore you can delete it.
So that's something that I will
leave up to you all, to get going